A hundred dementors were swooping toward Harry across the lake in the grounds ... He screwed up his face in concentration ... They were coming closer ... He could see the dark holes beneath their hoods
On James’s left was Lupin, even then a little shabby-looking, but he had the same air of delighted surprise at finding himself liked and included ... or was it simply because Harry knew how it had been, that he saw these things in the picture? He tried to take it from the wall; it was his now, after all, Sirius had left him everything, but it would not budge. Sirius had taken no chances in preventing his parents from redecorating his room.
“ You have heard , of course , that the Ministry is conducting more raids , ” said Mr. Malfoy , taking a roll of parchment from his inside pocket and unraveling it for Mr. Borgin to read . “ I have a few — ah — items at home that might embarrass me , if the Ministry were to call . ... ” 
“I can’t stop thinking about her!” said Ron hoarsely. Harry gaped at him. He had not expected this and was not sure he wanted to hear it. Friends they might be, but if Ron started calling Lavender “Lav-Lav,” he would have to put his foot down. “Why does that stop you having breakfast?” Harry asked, trying to inject a note of common sense into the proceedings. “I don’t think she knows I exist,” said Ron with a desperate gesture.
“Yeah, it’s great,” said Ron glumly, who was attempting to mop up the sodden mass of ink that had recently been an almost completed essay. Hermione pulled it toward her and began siphoning the ink off with her wand. “But what’s all this about him going up there with a Variety of students’?” said Hermione. “How many people are in on it? You wouldn’t think he’d trust lots of them to know what he’s doing. ...” “Yeah, that is weird,” said Harry, frowning. “I heard him telling Crabbe it wasn’t Crabbe’s business what he was doing ... so what’s he telling all these ... all these ...”
“I have not asked you to take out your books,” said Snape, closing the door and moving to face the class from behind his desk; Hermione hastily dropped her copy of Confronting the Faceless back into her bag and stowed it under her chair. “I wish to speak to you, and I want your fullest attention.” His black eyes roved over their upturned faces, lingering for a fraction of a second longer on Harry’s than anyone else’s.
It was with a heavy heart that Harry packed his trunk up in the dormitory on the night before his return to Privet Drive . He was dreading the Leaving Feast , which was usually a cause for celebration , when the winner of the Inter-House Championship would be announced . He had avoided being in the Great Hall when it was full ever since he had left the hospital wing , preferring to eat when it was nearly empty to avoid the stares of his fellow students . 
Harry , Ron , and Hermione ran forward to help : Jets of light flew in every direction and the man dueling Percy backed off , fast : Then his hood slipped and they saw a high forehead and streaked hair — 
Snape held up a hand to stop her, then pointed his wand again at the concealed staircase door. There was a loud bang and a squeal, followed by the sound of Wormtail scurrying back up the stairs. “My apologies,” said Snape. “He has lately taken to listening at doors, I don’t know what he means by it. ... You were saying, Narcissa?” She took a great, shuddering breath and started again. “Severus, I know I ought not to be here, I have been told to say nothing to anyone, but — ”
The spell hit Krum in the back; he stopped dead in his tracks, fell forward, and lay motionless, facedown in the grass. Harry dashed over to Cedric, who had stopped twitching and was lying there panting, his hands over his face. “Are you all right?” Harry said roughly, grabbing Cedric’s arm. “Yeah,” panted Cedric.
Aunt Petunia looked as though she might faint. She sank into the chair beside Dudley, her face in her hands. The remains of the envelope smoldered into ash in the silence. “What is this?” Uncle Vernon said hoarsely. “What — I don’t — Petunia?” Aunt Petunia said nothing. Dudley was staring stupidly at his mother, his mouth hanging open. The silence spiraled horribly. Harry was watching his aunt, utterly bewildered, his head throbbing fit to burst.
Harry slowed down a little, slipped his wand back inside his robes, and looked around, listening again. He turned full circle in the water, the silence pressing harder than ever against his eardrums. He knew he must be even deeper in the lake now, but nothing was moving but the rippling weed.
“ That is just as well , Potter , ” said Snape coldly , “ because you are neither special nor important , and it is not up to you to find out what the Dark Lord is saying to his Death Eaters . ” 
Harry got up on Sunday morning and dressed so inattentively that it was a while before he realized he was trying to pull his hat onto his foot instead of his sock. When he’d finally got all his clothes on the right parts of his body, he hurried off to find Hermione, locating her at the Gryffindor table in the Great Hall, where she was eating breakfast with Ginny. Feeling too queasy to eat, Harry waited until Hermione had swallowed her last spoonful of porridge, then dragged her out onto the grounds. There, he told her all about the dragons, and about everything Sirius had said, while they took another long walk around the lake.
Their first exam , Theory of Charms , was scheduled for Monday morning . Harry agreed to test Hermione after lunch on Sunday but regretted it almost at once . She was very agitated and kept snatching the book back from him to check that she had gotten the answer completely right , finally hitting him hard on the nose with the sharp edge of Achievements in Charming . 
“ It ’ s Christmas , Hermione , ” said Harry lazily ; he was rereading Flying with the Cannons for the tenth time in an armchair near the fire . 
“ Go on , Hagrid ! ” Harry , Ron , and Hermione urged him , but he just shook his head , grinning . 
“ Kreacher nicked loads of things back from us , ” said Harry . It was the only chance , the only slender hope left to them , and he was going to cling to it until forced to let go . “ He had a whole stash of stuff in his cupboard in the kitchen . C ’ mon . ” 
Harry ran back upstairs to his bedroom, arriving at the window just in time to see the Dursleys’ car swinging out of the drive and off up the road. Dedalus’s top hat was visible between Aunt Petunia and Dudley in the backseat. The car turned right at the end of Privet Drive, its windows burned scarlet for a moment in the now setting sun, and then it was gone.